$Id$

Here's a quick overview of what's here:

(1) libpub -- A library used for publishing in the templating system.

(2) pub -- publishing executables.  pub is run on the command line when
either (a) templating static content (.html files) or (b) preprocessing
HTML-ified C++ code into C++ code.  there is also a pubd background
daemon that is launched by the webserver on boot, that serves
all HTML templates.

(3) libahttp -- library for HTTP transport, header parsing, CGI
variable parsing, and response generation.

(4) libaok -- Library that web developers should link against to create
new CGI services.

(5) okd -- okd is the leader process that listens on port 80.  it send
file descriptors to the child processes based on a specified configuration
file.  it also will have a control port open, through which the user can
send "reload" messages.

(6) samples -- sample processes.  cgiscript1.g is a sample okd child process,
which actually serves basic web pages.

(7) client -- a simple HTML test client

(8) etc --  sample configuration files

(9) html -- sample HTML files exhibiting switches, includes, and also
    run-time variable resolutions.

(10) libamysql -- a libasync interface to mysql.  

(11) libamt -- async / multithread bridge.  allows ARPC to interface
     with threaded user libraries.

(12) blrplt -- Makes a boiler plate Okd build directory, in which you
     can write all your own Ok Services.  To use this feature, run 
     bld.sh <dir> in a new directory, and it will copy all of the 
     relevant files over. (currently the build scripts generated
     are a bit out of date; I'm working on fixing these)

(13) etc -- some configuration file exmaples.

(14) libaz - Instead of using strbufs and strs, OKD uses
     zbufs and zstrs, respecivtely. This provides a smart
     caching GZip filter, for chunked, compressed gzip.

(15) logd -- the external logging program. all services log to
     one central location, handled by this logger.

Compile Notes:

 - My autoconf scripts are somewhat broken, and I haven't had time to 
   fix them.  You should also have on your system the following to
   get all of the library to compile:

	- Pth -- GNU portable thread library. Make sure you enable
	  "hard system calls" when you compile.  Soft system calls
          do a load of pre-processor macro subtitutions that break
          libasync -- especially that for "select," which means something
          very different in the world of ARPC.

	- Mysql client 4.1

   Eventually I'll have some nice portable solutions here, but for now,
   this is what I have.
